[DOCS-5670] Updates to ASM Getting Started Guide (#18560)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/getting_started/application_security/_index.md

   {{< img src="getting_started/appsec/ASM_activation_service_selection.png" alt="ASM Services page view, showing Vulnerabilities and sorted by Suspicious requests column." style="width:100%;" >}}

   These security insights are detected from data reported by APM which help prioritize your security investments. ASM identifies, prioritizes, and helps remediate all security risks on your services.

   **Note**: If no vulnerabilities or suspicious requests are reported:

   - Ensure your services are using a recent Datadog tracing library version. From the [APM Service Catalog][2]: Open any service, navigate to: **Sidepanel > Tracing Configuration**. 

     {{< img src="getting_started/appsec/ASM_Tracing_Configuration.png" alt="Tracer Configuration tab in APM Service Catalog page view. Highlighting which version of the Datadog Agent, and Datadog tracing library are being used by your services." style="width:100%;" >}}

2. After you have identified a few services under security risks, proceed to [enable ASM][20].

## Setup ASM

ASM relies on the same library as Datadog Application Performance Monitoring (APM). 

> To benefit from all the ASM capabilities such as detections, automatic updates, and protection, first enable [Remote Configuration][15].

Reviewer: Agreed, would recommed to prioritize In-app instructions over Remote Config, as RC activation is full of frictions, so would be a secondary option

> To benefit from all the ASM capabilities such as detections, automatic updates, and protection, first enable [Remote Configuration][15].

Author: Great! I have moved the in-app instructions above RC

### Enable ASM with in-app instructions

Go to the [ASM Setup page][1] and follow the instructions to get started. This includes:
- Guided selection of services that would benefit from ASM.
- Configuring your Datadog tracing libraries with an environment variable.

> - Restarting your services.

Reviewer 2: Move this section to after Enable RC? Or just delete?

Reviewer: 1. In-APP instructions
2. Activation through RC

  2. Add Remote Configuration capability to an existing API key, or create a new one.
  3. Update your Datadog Agent configuration to use the API key with Remote Configuration capability.

  See [Setting up Remote Configuration][21] for more information.

#### Enable ASM 
  1. [Go to ASM][18] and click **Get Started with ASM**.
  2. Select services exposed to risk that are recommended by Datadog.
  3. Follow the instructions to get started with ASM.

### Test ASM
Once enabled, ASM immediately identifies application vulnerabilities and detects attacks and attackers targeting your services.

1. **Validate vulnerabilities**: Navigate to the [Vulnerabilities tab][14], triage and remediate your vulnerabilities.
2. **Validate attacks**: Send attack patterns to trigger a test detection rule. From your terminal, run the following script:

  {{< code-block lang="sh" >}}
  for ((i=1;i<=200;i++)); do
  # Target existing service's routes
  curl https://your-application-url/<EXISTING ROUTE> -A
  'dd-test-scanner-log';
  # Target non existing service's routes
  curl https://your-application-url/<NON-EXISTING ROUTE> -A
  'dd-test-scanner-log';
  done{{< /code-block >}}

> 3. A [Security Signal][6] should be generated within a few seconds.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
3. Go to [Security Signal][6] to see the signal that is generated after a few seconds.
```
